from zero to low trader in 30 days. So
far we set up our back testing engine.
We got the data. We defined our strategy
with entry and exit conditions. We
encoded our strategy using CHP. We back
tested it. We optimized it. We analyzed
the results comparing in sample with out
of sample. We made sure that the
overfitting risk is minimized. Today we
have a look at the results over the
entire data period. And I want to say
this clearly, just doing this and
following these steps, you're already
doing the work that every institutional
trader does and that only 1% of the
retail traders ever do. And this is what
makes you stop losing money and gives
you a real chance to become profitable.
Now, looking at the results for the
entire period, we have a net profit of
$124,000.
The draw down was $18,500,
which represent approximately a 10% draw
down when that took place. My real
considerations are the following. The
strategy is decent considering how
simple it is. The draw down is still
elevated, especially when considering
that with the Monte Carlo reshuffling,
the worst case could have been 50,000.
And most importantly, the long-term
riskreward is not that attractive given
the fact that there's an average
produces only 12% and the median draw
down of 21,000. There is still a lot to
improve, but this is exactly how
institutional trading works. And even
though it is not perfect, this is still
our first trading strategy. So, let's
set it up for live trading.